reword definition of "reference" (#7486)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/glossary.md

    then be built.

  - [reference]{#gloss-reference}\

>     A [store path] `P` is said to have a *reference* to a store path `Q` if the string `Q` appears in the [store object] at `P`.

Author: ```suggestion
    A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* to a store object `P` if the store path of `P` appears in the contents of`O`.
```

@Ericson2314 @edolstra does that sound about right?

Reviewer: This sounds good to me!

    then be built.

  - [reference]{#gloss-reference}\

>     A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* to a store object `P` if the [store path] of `P` appears in the contents of `O`.

Reviewer 2: This is not quite correct. References are not store objects but store paths.

There is no such thing as "the store path of P" since store objects don't have a uniquely determined store path. (E.g. there can be multiple store paths with the same contents.)

>     A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* to a store object `P` if the [store path] of `P` appears in the contents of `O`.

Reviewer 2: This is not quite correct. References are not store objects but store paths.

There is no such thing as "the store path of P" since store objects don't have a uniquely determined store path. (E.g. there can be multiple store paths with the same contents.)

Reviewer: I would say store paths are you unique, and those are not the same store object. I don't think I am "right' and you are "wrong" though, I think these are both valid opinions as of today, and we decide which one we want to be correct and formalize it.

In other words, this is an interesting question, not something to be shoved underneath the rug!

Reviewer: Here is one way to fix it
```suggestion
    A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* to a store object `P` if a [store path] of `P` appears in the contents of `O`.
```

Reviewer: here is another way
```suggestion
    Store objects can *refer* to other store objects by [store path].
    A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* `P` to some other store object if `P` appears in the contents of `O`.
```

Reviewer: These are valid with both interpretations.

I do have a preference for not saying "store path of" even if the paths are unique, on the "things shouldn't know their own name" principle.

Author: > store objects don't have a uniquely determined store path

> I would say store paths are unique, and [two store objects with same contents but different paths] are not the same store object.

@edolstra @Ericson2314 Good points, both. Let's determine and document the mental model we want users to apply. Intuitively I'm inclined towards the latter, because input addressing is a concept that's easy to explain and understand. It's the derivations that produce store objects and define their store paths. That different derivations may produce the same store object is incidental. Deduplicating store objects with the same contents and aliasing those under different paths appears to be an implementation detail that is not even necessarily a concern of Nix but that of the underlying persistence layer.

Until this is resolved, I would go with the following, because it's brief and not wrong w.r.t. the current implementation:

```
A [store object] `O` is said to have a *reference* to a store object `P` if a [store path] to `P` appears in the contents of `O`.
```

>     The *references* of a store object `O` are the set of store objects to which `O` has a reference.

Reviewer: I sort of just want to drop this sentence. Refernces = set of references themselves is arguably better English than set of things referred to. But it is nice to still not talk about store paths as that is just one means of referencing.

The references of a store object are a lot like the string contexts of a string.

Reviewer: The references of a store object are a lot like the string contexts of a string. I might also make sense to call them both references (string references, store object references; string contex, store object context). The glossary for reference could refer to both kinds of references.

Author: ```suggestion
```

With pleasure. I also found it weird and barely helpful, but didn't want to change too much.

>     Store objects can refer to both other store objects and themselves.

Reviewer 2: Can a store object refer to itself if a store object doesn't know its own store path?

Reviewer: Yes.

- Some of the time does know its own store path, so there is no issue. For example, when the store object is mounted in the file system

- Some of the time it does not know its own store path, so self-references are made with a sentinel value. For example, when the store object is to be content-addressed and is being hashed.

Author: We should add these specifics to the relevant architecture documentation section.

    A [store derivation] can only reference source files and other store derivations, including itself.

>     In contrast, a store object that was produced from a [derivation] can only reference other "derived" store objects.

Reviewer: I wouldn't get too much into the source file vs build result distinction here. It is not a very deep thing in Nix. One can depend on all sorts of store objects with e.g. `builtins.storePath` --- getting around these distinction.

> including itself

A derivation never references itself. The outputs of a derivation however can reference themselves.

Author: So do you suggest removing the paragraph altogether?

Reviewer: Heh I guess I didn't leave too much left. But maybe I can suggest and alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Store objects can refer to both other store objects and themselves.
    References from a store object to itself are called *self-references*.
    References other than self-reference are not allowed to form a cycle.
```

Author: Maybe we can leave it out since that's essentially what will be in the architecture chapter on references anyway.

    files could be missing. The command `nix-store -qR` prints out
    closures of store paths.

>     As an example, if the store object at path `P` contains a [reference]

Author: ```suggestion
    As an example, if the [store object] at path `P` contains a [reference]
```

>     As an example, if the [store object] at path `P` contains a [reference]
>     to store object `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`

Author: ```suggestion
    As an example, if the store object at path `P` contains a reference
    to path `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`
```

>     to store object `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`

Author: ```suggestion
    to a store object at path `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`
```

    files could be missing. The command `nix-store -qR` prints out
    closures of store paths.

    As an example, if the store object at path `P` contains a [reference]

>     to path `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to store path `Q`, then `Q` is in the closure of `P`. Further, if `Q`
```
